`default_return` functionality (#76)
KotlinIsland/basedmypy: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - `default_return` option to imply unannotated return type as`None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `default_return` option to imply unannotated return type as `None`.
```

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Unions in output messages show with new syntax

> - Return type is `None` by default unless def is untyped

Reviewer: i don't really get what this means. if a function is not typed whats its default return type?

Author: `Any`

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
- Default return type is `None` if `--allow-untyped-defs` is disabled, and `Any` if it's enabled
```

Reviewer: forget to push?
